Chapter 1: Supergene 
By a stony creek in a valley, a black-clad young man was holding a black beetle
with a metallic sheen that looked like a cross between a crab and a Hercules
beetle.
Holding a dagger in his other hand, the young man swiftly cut the still-
struggling claws o  the beetle, revealing white and tender meat.
Almost withou t hesitation, the young man sucked the meat out of the claws as
if he were eating a crab, and swallowed it together with larger pieces of tougher
meat.
"Black beetle killed. No beast soul gained. Eat the  esh of the black beetle to
gain zero to ten geno points randomly."
"Black beetle  esh eaten. Zero geno points gained."
A strange voice sounded in Han Sen's mind, and some data also appeared.
Han Sen: Not evolved.
Status: None.
Life span: 200 years.
Required for evolution: 100 geno points.
Geno points gained: 79.

"I have received zero geno points from more than thirty black beetles in a row. I
must have eaten too much black-beetle  esh to evolve from it further. Zero
points! Whe n will I ever  nish the  rst evolution and gain status." Han Sen
looked frustrated.
Over a hundred years ago, science and technology reached a very high level,
and humans  nally mastered space teleportation technology. Shockingly, when
they tried to be teleported, they found that they were neither sent back to the
past nor teleported to the future. They didn’t even travel from one planet to
another. A completely di erent world lay at the other end of the space teleport
channel.
A world that human beings could not have imagined. In this world, all scienti c
and technological means lost their function: a machine gun in this world was
not even as useful as a steel knife. Missiles and nuclear weapons would not
explode, same as a heap of scrap iron. No mechanical or electronic equipment
would work either.
All kinds of horrible creatures inhabited this world. Human beings, who used to
stand on top of the food chain because of their wisdom and technology fell to
the bottom.
But when people killed certain relatively weak creatures and ate their  esh,
they were surprised to  nd that their own bodies changed considerably and
evolved quickly in ways that science could not explain.
Wha t made people pleasantly surprised was that in this world, with the
evolution of the body, their lifespans also increased, which was amazing news
to all mankind.
In the following century, more and more people entered this world called
"God's Sanctuary," gradually became familiar with the rules of this world,
hunted its creatures, and saw their own bodies evolve. The higher the degree of
physical evolution, the longer the life. Theoretically, if you could continue
evolving, it could be possible to live forever.(1st Translation)


In this world, science and technology became completely useless. The only
things that could help humans were the most primitive  ghting skills. Ancient
martial arts, which were almost forgotten in modern society, had an
unexpected e ect here.
All kinds of ancient martial arts had been re-developed, and after more than
100 years of development, new martial arts school s were formed and became
prominent.
In addition to ancient martial arts, God's Sanctuary o ered another tool to
enhance humans, the beast soul.
Whe n killing a creature in God's Sanctuary, a person had a chance to obtain the
beast soul of the creature. Beast souls had all kinds of forms and appearances.
Some could be summoned to  ght for men, and some appeared in the form of
armor or weapon.

In addition, some beast souls could even help humans transform so they could
take the shape of terrifying monsters, magical birds  ying between heaven and
earth, or insects drilling underground.
Neither martial arts nor beast souls had anything to do with Han Sen.
Even in modern society, advanced science and technology were in the hands of
just a few people.
Han Sen completed integrated compulsory education and entered God’s
Sanctuary when he turned 16. Wha t he had learned from school was no more
than the beginning level new martial arts that everyone knew.
As for beast souls, they were so expensive that Han Sen couldn’t a ord even the
cheapest.
Withou t martial arts and beast souls, or even advanced man-made alloy
weapons, Han Sen was only able to kill some low-level creatures to eat their
 esh and evolve, and he was having a di cult time in God’s Sanctuary.
But the more meat of low-level creatures he ate, the less e ect of evolution he
gained. Three months in God’s Sanctuary and he still could not complete a
physical evolution.
Han Sen had tried to kill some of the more powerful creatures, but even the
weakest primitive creature, the copper-toothed beast, almost took his life. He
had to rest for nearly a month before returning to God's Sanctuary.
By this time Han Sen had eaten all kinds of ordinary creatures around him, and
it wouldn’t help to eat their  esh any more. If he didn’t risk hunting more
advanced creatures, he would never evolve.
Whe n he was about to try to kill a copper-toothed beast, Han Sen saw
something climbing out from the ripples of the creek.
He originally thou ght it was a black beetle, but immediately noticed something
di erent: all black beetles had black shells, but a bright golden color caught his
eye.
Han Sen gazed at the creature climbing out of the water. It really was a black
beetle, but di erent from the ordinary ones because of its golden body as big as
a basketball. It was like a sculpture carved from gold, and its eyes were crystal
clear, like gems. It did not even look like a living thing unless observed
carefully.
"Why  is this black beetle so strange?" Han Sen stared at the golden black beetle.
Recently he had killed countless black beetles and knew everything about them.
Their vision was poor, but their hearing was very sensitive. As long as he
remained still, even in close proximity, a black beetle would not notice his
presence.
Han Sen stared at the strange beetle, and unexpectedly, it climbed toward him 
Without hesitation, when the golden black beetle crawled next to Han Sen, he
held down the golden black beetle's shell with one hand and swiftly cut into its
fragile joints with the dagger in his other hand. He made six clean cuts
vertically and horizontally to remove all six claws of the beetle.
The golden black beetle struggled and  ipped over. Taking this opportunity,
Han Sen pierced his dagger into a white mark on its belly and turned it sharply.
The golden black beetle suddenly stopped moving.
"Sacred-blood creature black beetle killed. Beast soul of sacred-blood black
beetle gained. Eat the  esh of sacred-blood black beetle to gain 0 to 10 geno
points randomly."

Chapter 2: Ass Freak 
Han Sen was stunned by the sudden voice in his head, and he could hardly
believe it was true. Sacred-blood creature and sacred-blood beast soul: were
those even real?
The creatures of God’s Sanctuary were divided into four parts: ordinary
creatures, primitive creatures, mutant creatures and sacred-blood creatures.
Di erent geno points could be gained by eating  esh of creatures of di erent
types.
At that time, there were four God’s Sanctuary phases known to men. With each
physical evolution completed, access to the next space would be permitted. The
more powerful the geno points used in evolution, the higher the likelihood of
surviving in the next space.
Sacred-blood beast souls were withou t any doubt the best beast souls. Any
sacred-blood beast soul could be sold at an enormous price.
Whe n Han Sen  nally realized what had really happened, he was almost
trembling. Holding the dagger to pick open the shell of the black beetle, he
 lled his mouth with meat as tender as jelly.
"Flesh of black beetle eaten. One sacred geno point gained."
Feeling the  esh turn to energy and hearing the voice in his mind almost
brought Han Sen to tears.
He grabbed a claw and sucked out all meat from it, feeling waves of energy
hitting his body and boiling his blood.Wanna gift the story? Try one.

There was not much di erence between eating a sacred-blood black beetle and
eating a crab. After sucking the meat clean from all six claws, Han Sen started
to cut the meat inside the shell.
"Flesh of black beetle eaten. One sacred geno point gained."
"Flesh of black beetle eaten. One sacred geno point gained."
The strange voice continuously sounded in Han Sen’s mind and made him feel
on top of the world.
As Han Sen was cutting away, he felt his dagger cut into something hard that
made a sound like metal. Han Sen stopped.
Black beetles and crabs are alike: They looked tough, but inside their shells
there would be nothing but boneless meat, so how  could there be metal?
He removed the dagger, pulled aside the meat that had been cut, and saw a
corner of black metal. Han Sen cut open all the meat surrounding it, and soon
the black metal was completely exposed.
At  rst he thou ght it was metal, but taking it out, he discovered that it was a
black crystal the size and shape of a pigeon egg.
Han Sen took the crystal in his hand and didn’t feel anything abnormal. The
crystal was just like a beautiful, rounded black pebble.
But with a closer look, there seemed to be millions of stars shining in it,
creating incredible beauty.
"Here is the easiest area in God’s Sanctuary," Han Sen thought. "Even
primitive creatures are hard to  nd here, let alone sacred-blood creatures. How
did this sacred-blood black beetle suddenly appear? And I’ve never heard of a
sacred-blood black beetle before. Black beetles are such low life after all. And
this sacred-blood black beetle is so outrageously weak. Is its appearance related
to the crystal?"
There was no clue, so he simply ate all the rest of the black beetle meat and was
stu ed. He gained a total of seven sacred geno points.
Seven sacred geno points were beyond his wildest dreams. With his
background, he needed to risk everything even to kill a primitive creature, let
alone a sacred-blood creature.
The shell of the sacred-blood black beetle was also precious material, so Han
Sen picked up all the claws and stu ed them into his pocket, together with the
upper and lower shells.
The shell of ordinary black beetles almost had no value, but the shell of a
sacred-blood black beetle would probably make a soup that could give him one
or two more sacred geno points.
It was the  rst time Han Sen had eaten a sacred-blood creature. Technically he
could max out and get ten sacred geno points: he already had seven from the
meat, and the other three should be in the shell

If he were to sell the shell, he could probably a ord a nice private aircraft in
Levo Interstellar Alliance with the money he received.
On the way back to Steel Armor Castle, everyone was pointing at him, gloating
and laughing, and no one would come near him.
Everyone in the Sanctuary was looking at him as if he were a monster.
Normally, when an ordinary person went to the Sanctuary, even if he were
poor, if his martial skills were not too bad, he could always  nd some
companions and kill a few primitive creatures together, and he would be
nowhere near as miserable as Han Sen.
However, in the entire Steel Armor Castle, no one was willing or had the
courage to have anything to do with Han Sen.
More than three months ago, Han Sen had entered God’s Sanctuary for the  rst
time. The moment he stepped outside Steel Armor Shelter, he saw a giant white
wolf unicorn standing with its back towards him around the corner of the
rampart.
Withou t hesitation, Han Sen grabbed his dagger and  ercely stabbed the
unicorn in the ass.
This stab turned Han Sen and Qin Xuan together into the biggest laughing stock
in Steel Armor Shelter.
Yes, the white wolf unicorn was not a beast, but a human like Han Sen himself.
She was just transforming using a beast soul.
Qin Xuan was also the most powerful woman in Steel Armor Shelter. She was
likely to  nish her  rst evolution with sacred geno points and embark on the
path of evolution.
A new guy stabbing Qin Xuan's rear end became the biggest joke in Steel Armor
Shelter. Althou gh no one dared to mention this to Qin Xuan's face, secretly
everyone was laughing their asses o .
And "Ass Freak" became Han Sen’s well-known nickname in Steel Armor
Shelter.
Then Qin Xuan declared that whoe ver spent time with Han Sen would become
her enemy. In Steel Armor Shelter, few people could a ord to be Qin Xuan’s
enemy. Even if they could a ord it, no one would risk antagonizing Qin Xuan
for the sake of a nobody and Ass Freak.
That was why Han Sen had such a di cult time, but he didn’t really blame Qin
Xuan. It was his fault in the  rst place: He was too nervous the  rst time he
came to God’s Sanctuary, plus he had never seen creatures in his previous
world or transformers before, which all led to the unforgivable mistake.
Han Sen was already grateful that Qin Xuan did not kill him in anger.
The only lucky thing was that the teleportation into God’s Sanctuary was
always random, and there were no familiar faces in Steel Armor Shelter, so no
one knew his real name.